{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: "Haider-Markel, Donald Patrick" <prex@ku.edu>\
Subject: group resource data\
Date: May 23, 2016 at 2:14:56 PM CDT\
To: "Rogers, Benjamin Joseph" <bjroger@ku.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ben, the attached data is also in the dropbox folder. You\'92ll need to pull the new NCCS (resource) data into this so that you can use the new NCCS data to predict policy and compare it to other measures (see attached paper). The NCCS data in 2 files both with collapse in the title. One of these eliminates groups coded 2 3 4. You can pull those both into the file called taylor lgbt measure and create a new dataset called something like JT DHM lgbt group resources. \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs26 citi6008 (citizen ideology scores from Berry et al...only through 2011)
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs26 inst6008_adacope, inst6008_nom (institutional ideology scores from Berry et al...both measures ADA COPE and DW Nominate)
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs26 gay_disc (sexual orientation nondiscrimination law for employment)
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs26 trans_dis (gender identity nondiscrimination law for employment)
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs26 evangelical 
\f2\fs32 (ARDA\'92s 1990 estimate of Evangelicals +LDS held constant)\
Williams (Gates measure of percentage LGBT held constant)\
squire (squire index)\
percentssphh\'a0 (same sex partner households 2012 5 year ACS held constant)\
ssphh200per (census 2000 same sex partner households held constant)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf3 I have collapsed the data, price deflated it, and turned it into per capita data. I did this for the entire dataset, and for a dataset that dropped orgtypes 2,3,4.\'a0 Please see attached.\'a0 If you merge the two datasets, you will see that there is a very strong correlation between the per capita income and per capita asset figures from the two datasets.\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 PS: also included is my stata log for merging and conversions along with the price index and population data.
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \cb1 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \
}